docs: Improve release docs (#401)
canonical/k8s-operator: docs/releases/stable/index.md

### Build charms from the release branches

The [publish-charms] job is responsible for publishing the charms either to the
`latest/edge` OR `<release>/beta` (e.g. `1.32/beta`) channels, depending on the
branch that is updated. If a change is merged to the `main` branch, the charm will be
published to the `latest/edge` channel. If a change is merged to a release branch,
the charm will be published to the `<release>/beta` channel.

Raising a PR, passing the integration tests, and merging into the release
branch should publish the charm to the upstream `1.xx/beta` channel.

## Internal verification

### Make sure all tests are passing

It's assumed that tests pass on the release branch. This means that the CI for PRs
on the release branch should be green before they are merged. **Certain tests might

> be skipped tho**, because of they need to be run on a specific cloud. The list of these

Reviewer: nit: though

> on the release branch should be green before they are merged. **Certain tests might
> be skipped tho**, because of they need to be run on a specific cloud. The list of these

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on the release branch should be green before they are merged. **Certain tests might
be skipped** because of they need to be run on a specific cloud. The list of these
```

Reviewer: Haha submitted almost simultaneously!

> tests is documented here and needs to be updated when new tests are added.

Reviewer 2: Use of "here" is not clear. Could we use "in this document", "in xyz section" or something more specific?

Author: Changed it to "The list of the tests is as follows". WDYT?

> Hopefully this list will be empty in the future, as we will be able to run all the
> tests in CI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We aim to remove this list in the future, and have all tests running in CI.
```

- [OpenStack tests]:

>   These tests should be manually run on OpenStack by the individual responsible for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  These tests should be run manually on OpenStack by the individual responsible for
```

Author: Nice diff GitHub
